You inspire me to be a better person.
You’re the kind of person who could make even Kanye smile.
You give me the kind of advice I always need to hear (even if I don’t want to hear it). Thank you for that.
You’re the only person I want to come back to when it feels like the rest of the world has become too much.
You’ve shown me how to be kinder person.
You’re my favorite person to talk to. I never get tired of hearing your voice, your stories. I always want more.
The way you live your life challenges me and has helped me grow.
You’re really good at all the things you do. And even the things you think you don’t do so well, I like how you do it anyway, without caring what anyone thinks.
If you died or something happened to you, I would delete your browser history for you.
You’re really fun to be around. Even when we aren’t doing anything at all just being around you makes me feel content.
I think you’d make a really great parent someday.
Your existence has made my life infinitely better since knowing you.
I love how precious and child-like you can be sometimes. You make me feel young again.
You’ve shown me what unconditional love feels like. Thank you for letting me experience what it feels like to find safety in another person.
You’re accomplishing so much. Every day you are growing and evolving into a better, stronger version of who you were yesterday. You have already done so much in the time that I’ve known you. Your passion for life has encouraged me to dream bigger, love harder, and find beauty everywhere.   
You changed everything for me.
I don’t know what I’d do without you. Actually.
You’re my reason.
Is there a day you haven’t made better?
Thank you.
Within seconds of talking to you, I feel better.
With you, I’m at peace.
You are light.
You have such a generous spirt.
How did you learn to be so good?
Your heart must be ten times the average size.
It’s as if you never learned to be bitter.
I want to grow into a person like you.
I want to grow up to be just like you.
I’ve never met a person quite like you.
Your parents must be so proud.
There should be a monument of you.
I will never forget the way you make me feel.
You are just beyond.
I can’t quite fathom a world with you.
You are awesomeness personified.
There’s nothing I’d rather do than spend time with you.
The very thought of you makes me feel warm and fuzzy.
Whenever I have a tough day, I remember you and it gives me strength and hope.
You are beautiful inside and out.
You are my favorite person.
I love your like pinky toes.
You’re the light of my life.
You are so special to me.
I didn’t know what true love was before you.
I find myself smiling so much more, now that we’re together.
You make me believe in goodness.
Your touch is so healing.
Your very presence is reassuring
You are a life elixir.
Things shift when you enter the room.
When I see you, everything else within the frame falls away.
When you’re around, I don’t need anything else.
You make me forget the bad parts of my day.
Hugging you is the only comfort I need.
You’re not as dumb as you let people think you are.
You’re an amazing mother.
You’re beautiful.
Your soul is gorgeous.
I love your brain.
I love how weird you are.
You’re more of a superhero than any Marvel character out there.
You inspire me.
You are so strong.
Your voice soothes me.
Your existence makes me feel better about life.
The very idea of you makes me smile inside.
I’ve never met a person as lovely as you are.
Mating with you would be a smart evolutionary play.
Some people are radiators—they make you feel warm when you’re around them.
I’ve never met anyone as caring as you.
No one else can make me laugh like you do.
You have such a good heart.
You have great heart.
You are truly unforgettable.
You are way too smart for me.
Wow. You.
You make monogamy seem easy.
Knowing you makes me a happier person.
You make me feel whole.
I had no idea what life could be until we met.
Please never stop being you.
You make me want to be a better person.
You have great potential.
I never saw the point of taking pictures until I met you. I want to keep our memories alive forever.
I think you’re the only person I could ever talk about this with openly.    
Thank you for existing.
You make me see the world in a way no one else ever has.
I love the way you make me think.
I appreciate the way you challenge me.
Around you, I’m the best possible version of myself.
Your energy is infectious.
I can’t stop thinking about you.
I love you so much it hurts.
You are my world.
When we’re together, everything seems possible.
I can’t do life without you.
I don’t want to be anywhere you can’t be.
You’re my constant reminder that people can be good.
There’s a softness behind your eyes.
Your laugh is my favorite sound.
The world would be so boring without you.
Are you for real?
How did I get so lucky?
You make the little things feel big.
Loving you feels like the most natural thing.
You impress me every single day.
Your capacity for kindness is boundless.
When we’re together, the rest of the world melts away.
I wish I were half the human you are.
I didn’t know what love was until I met you.
I didn’t know how important friendship was until we met.
It would be torture to lose you.
My life before you was utter dullness.
There’s no one like you.
Your ability to recall random factoids at just the right time is impressive.
You're a great listener.
How is it that you always look great, even in sweatpants?
Everything would be better if more people were like you!
I bet you sweat glitter.
You were cool way before hipsters were cool.
That color is perfect on you.
Hanging out with you is always a blast.
You help me feel more joy in life.
You may dance like no one's watching, but everyone's watching because you're an amazing dancer!
Being around you makes everything better!
When you're not afraid to be yourself is when you're most incredible.
Colors seem brighter when you're around.
You're more fun than a ball pit filled with candy. (And seriously, what could be more fun than that?)
That thing you don't like about yourself is what makes you so interesting.
You're wonderful.
You have cute elbows. For reals!
Jokes are funnier when you tell them.
You're better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles.
When I'm down you always say something encouraging to help me feel better.
You are really kind to people around you.
You're one of a kind!
You help me be the best version of myself.
If you were a box of crayons, you'd be the giant name-brand one with the built-in sharpener.
You should be thanked more often. So thank you!!
Our community is better because you're in it.
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you've got their back. 
You have the best ideas.
You always find something special in the most ordinary things.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes, but you always get back up and keep going.
You're a candle in the darkness.
You're a great example to others.
Being around you is like being on a happy little vacation.
You always know just what to say.
You're always learning new things and trying to better yourself, which is awesome.
If someone based an Internet meme on you, it would have impeccable grammar.
You could survive a Zombie apocalypse.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
When you make a mistake, you try to fix it.
Who raised you? They deserve a medal for a job well done.
You're great at figuring stuff out.
Your voice is magnificent.
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives.
You're like a breath of fresh air.
You make my insides jump around in the best way.
You're so thoughtful.
Your creative potential seems limitless.
Your name suits you to a T.
Your quirks are so you unique and I love that.
When you say you will do something, I trust you.
Somehow you make time stop and fly at the same time.
When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way.
You seem to really know who you are.
Any team would be lucky to have you on it.
In high school I bet you were voted "most likely to keep being awesome."
I bet you do the crossword puzzle in ink.
Babies and small animals probably love you.
If you were a scented candle they'd call it Perfectly Imperfect (and it would smell like summer).
There's ordinary, and then there's you.
You're someone's reason to smile.
You're even better than a unicorn, because you're real.
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
You have a good head on your shoulders.
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
The way you treasure your loved ones is incredible.
You're really something special.
Thank you for being you.
Congratulations, you found the easter egg left by Lancelot. The probablity of finding this is less than 0.00003!